Add docs for TF test parallel execution (#36372)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/tests/index.mdx

The `state_key` allows for fine-grained control over which internal state file Terraform uses for a given run block. Refer to [Modules State](#modules-state) for more information.

> The `parallel` attribute allows you to run multiple `run` blocks in parallel. By default, this attribute is set to `false`. When set to `true`, Terraform will attempt to execute the `run` block in parallel with other `run` blocks that also have the `parallel` attribute set to `true`, and
> which there is no dependency between them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `parallel` attribute allows you to run multiple `run` blocks in parallel. By default, this attribute is set to `false`. When set to `true`, Terraform will attempt to execute the `run` block in parallel with other `run` blocks that also have the `parallel` attribute set to `true` and are not dependent on each other.
```

  }
}

run "site_one" {
  // This run block can only be executed after the `primary_db` run block is completed, because it references the output of the `primary_db` run block.
  state_key = "unique_2"
  variables {
    input = run.primary_db.value
  }

  assert {
    condition = output.value == var.foo
    error_message = "double bad"
  }
}

run "site_two" {
  // This run block can only be executed after the `primary_db` run block is completed, because it references the output of the `primary_db` run block.
  // After that, it can be executed in parallel with the `site_one` run block.
  state_key = "unique_3"
  variables {
    input = run.primary_db.value
  }

  assert {
    condition = output.value == var.foo
    error_message = "double bad"
  }
}

run "using_external_db" {
  // This run block does not reference the output of any other run block, and it has a different state key from its
  // preceding runs, so it can be executed in parallel with runs `primary_db` and `secondary_db`.
  state_key = "unique_4"
  variables {
    input = "externally_created_db"
  }

  assert {
    condition = output.value == var.foo
    error_message = "double bad"
  }
}

run "site_four" {

>   // This run block has set `parallel = false`, implying that it does not want to be executed in parallel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  // This run block has set `parallel = false`.
```

    condition = output.value == var.foo
    error_message = "double bad"
  }
}

run "site_six" {
  // This run block can only be executed after the run `site_five` is completed, because it references the output of the run `site_five`.
  state_key = "unique_7"
  variables {
    input = run.site_five.value
  }

  assert {
    condition = output.value == var.foo
    error_message = "double bad"
  }
}

run "same_state" {
  // This run block uses an existing state key "unique_7", so it will wait for the run `site_six` to complete.
  state_key = "unique_7"
  variables {
    input = "another_external_db"
  }

  assert {
    condition = output.value == var.foo
    error_message = "double bad"
  }
}

run "site_eight" {
  // This run block is entirely unrelated to the other run blocks, however, because `site_four`, 
  // which is one of its preceding runs has the `parallel` attribute set to `false`,
  // it cannot run until site_four is completed. It can be executed in parallel with `site_five` and `site_six`.
  state_key = "unique_7"
  variables {
    input = "yet_another_external_db"
  }

  assert {
    condition = output.value == var.foo
    error_message = "double bad"
  }
}
```

> -> **Note:** When configuring a series of runs which have `parallel=true` in a test file, if you include a single run with `parallel=false` in this sequence, it creates a synchronization point that effectively divides the workflow into two groups:
> * All runs before the `parallel=false` run must complete first
> * Only after the `parallel=false` run finishes can the subsequent runs begin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-> **Note:** When you configure a series of runs that have `parallel=true` in a test file and include a single run with `parallel=false` you create synchronization point that divides the workflow into two groups. All runs before the `parallel=false` run must complete first. Then, after the run with `parallel=false` completes, the subsequent runs begin.
```

```
Run A (parallel: true)
Run B (parallel: true)
Run C (parallel: false)
Run D (parallel: true)
Run E (parallel: true)
```

> Runs A and B can execute simultaneously. Run C will wait until both A and B are done before starting. Finally, runs D and E can run in parallel, but only after C completes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Runs A and B execute simultaneously. Run C waits until both A and B are done before starting. Finally, runs D and E run in parallel, but only after C completes.
```

The `expect_failures` attribute is included to allow authors to test their configuration and any logic defined within. A type mismatch, as in the previous example, is not something Terraform authors should have to worry about testing as Terraform itself will handle enforce type constraints. As such, you can only `expect_failures` in custom conditions.

## Parallel execution

By default, Terraform executes `run` blocks sequentially. However, you can set the `parallel` attribute to `true` in the file's `test` block or in individual `run` blocks to enable parallel execution.

When `parallel = true` for a `run` block, Terraform will attempt to parallelize such blocks wherever possible. Two or more `run` blocks can be executed in parallel if:

- They do not reference outputs from each other.
- They do not share the same state file. The state file is determined by the state key or the module source (when the state key is not set). Therefore, `run` blocks that share the same module configuration must specify different state keys to be executed in parallel.
- They both have the `parallel` attribute set to `true`.

> - All other `run` blocks that they depend on have completed.

Author: ```suggestion
```

Other kinds of failure _besides_ the specified expected failures in the checkable object still result in the overall test failing. For example, a variable that expects a boolean value as input fails the surrounding test if Terraform provides the wrong kind of value, even if that variable is included in an `expect_failures` attribute.

The `expect_failures` attribute is included to allow authors to test their configuration and any logic defined within. A type mismatch, as in the previous example, is not something Terraform authors should have to worry about testing as Terraform itself will handle enforce type constraints. As such, you can only `expect_failures` in custom conditions.

## Parallel execution

By default, Terraform executes `run` blocks sequentially. However, you can set the `parallel` attribute to `true` in the file's `test` block or in individual `run` blocks to enable parallel execution.

> When `parallel = true` for a `run` block, Terraform will attempt to parallelize such block wherever possible. Two or more `run` blocks can be executed in parallel if:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `parallel = true` for a `run` block, Terraform will attempt to parallelize such blocks wherever possible. Two or more `run` blocks can be executed in parallel if:
```

- They do not reference outputs from each other.
- They do not share the same state file. The state file is determined by the state key or the module source (when the state key is not set). Therefore, `run` blocks that share the same module configuration must specify different state keys to be executed in parallel.
- They both have the `parallel` attribute set to `true`.

> - All other `run` blocks that they depend on have completed.

Reviewer: This is when they run in parallel rather than if they can so I think the last bullet can be removed here?

> A quick example below demonstrates how terraform will execute `run` blocks in parallel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A quick example below demonstrates how Terraform will execute `run` blocks in parallel.
```
